New input option `pattern` added for DSL and metadata inputs (#5466)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/inputs.md

Allowed in: Metadata

### Pattern

> Optional, `Regexp`. It should have a value of a regular expression. This feature helps
> in validating input value by matching it with the provided regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional, `Regexp`. This feature validates the input by matching it with the provided regular expression.
```
